Do you dare to swear to God?
Was it really what you said?
You are a liar
It's not what you said at all
You obviously took the initiative to chase Xu Zeyu
He keeps saying that he is my best friend
But all kinds of backstabs
Have you ever wondered how I feel?
If you were not feeling well at the time
You can tell me.
Why are you doing this now?
You wish I had a bad time
You stole the happiness that should have belonged to me
It's all because of you
So you're going to take away the choice and right?
Yeah, it's not just him.
I want everything from you
Because it should all belong to me
What right do you have?
You are more beautiful than me.
Still better than me?
Xu Zeyu has been so good for so many years because of me
What have you got?
Don't be naive.
At least he gets respect when he's with me
Have you treated him as an equal?
You don't know how to respect someone
You are always confident
Do you know that this is pitiful?
You're going to fight me, right?
Let's see who has the last laugh